Current Release is Proko2 2.1.1


Changes since Proko2 2.1.0:

Bugfixes:

o Change the default for hiding groupware folders back to true. (issue 1206)

o Automatically unsubscribe the default folders and turn on local subscription
   for the online imap account in the kolab wizard. (issue 1206)

o Don't list messages in the INBOX if it is the one of the groupware 
   main account and we are in "only groupware folders for this account"
   mode. (issue 1207)

o If we are hiding groupware folders, and the account is the groupware
   base account, and it's set to only locally subscribe to groupware folders,
   hide it completely from the folder tree. (issue 1207)

o Don't reload the KConfig object of the standard addressbook for every
   incidence during loading, by caching the "thatIsMe" entry. This should
   speed up calendar loading significantly, but it means that if they user
   changes their "thatIsMe" entry in the addressbook, KOrganizer won't
   realize that until the next restart. Given the spectacularly low frequency
   with which that is expected to happen, I think that's worth it. I can't
   fix it at the root, since that is in kdelibs.  (issue 1118)

o Also trigger a reload of the folder when a new IncidencesFor annotation 
   is retrieved from the server. (issue 398)

o Fix of the concurrent KPilot and KMail dImap sync problem. Concurrent sync
    is now blocked. Problem was that on a concurrent sync contacts/tasks/events
    were duplicated in the dImap folders (issues 1136, 1137)

Features:

o Non-gui config key that allows to specify after how many 
  incidences a progress dialog comes up. (issue 1118)

o Backport large parts of the online/offline support from 3.5, which makes
   it possible to suspend and resume all network jobs via DCOP. KPilot will
   use this to disable network traffic during a kolab resource sync, for example,
   but the user can also use it to go offline on the road, and thus avoid error
   messages due to interval mail checks. (issue 1137).


Older Changes:

