Kandy 0.5
---------

+ Kandy now supports different types of phone numbers associated with KAB
  addressees. A config dialog was added where the user can specify whether
  to exclude e.g. fax numbers or not. For every type of number, a suffix which
  is appended to the name can be defined. This way, the e.g. office and cell
  numbes of a person can be clearly distinguished in the mobile phone book.
  Older version of Kandy prior to 0.5 simply grabbed the first phone number
  attached to an addressee and dumped that one to the mobile phone...

+ Names from the KDE address book are formatted intelligently. Basically, the
  ordering "Family Name, Given Name" is used. If "Family Name" only is a unique
  string, it is used in order to save characters of the narrow mobile phone
  display. If several people with the same family name (e.g. Meyer, Jens and
  Meyer, Andy) exist, only the first letter of the given names are used if they
  are unique (i.e. Meyer, J. and Meyer, A.). Depending on the allowed maximum
  width of a name entry which is extracted from the mobile phone, names are
  truncated in order to fit onto the mobile device.

+ A rudimentary conversion between "normal ASCII" characters and the strange
  7-bit GSM charset is implemented. Hence, names with e.g. german Umlauts are
  now transfered correctly to the mobile phone and back. (Exception: the capital
  "Ö" does not work and leads to modem errors. FIXME!)

+ If a suffix for a certain phone numbe type is quoted in the configuration
  dialog (e.g. Cell suffix = "17"), then the unquoted suffix is interpreted as
  the hexadecimal number of the desired character of the GSM charset. (The Cell
  suffix "17" has the effect that every mobile phone entry of the KAB will be
  followed by an antenna-like symbol in the display of the mobile phone). See
  http://www.nobbi.com/atgsm.html for an illustration of the GSM charset.

+ The serial interface configuration dialog now contains the option to
  specify in which directory the LOCK file should be generated (the old
  hard-coded /var/lock directory doesn't exist on my Sun box).

+ The serial interface configuration dialog and the GUI offer the possibility
  to set the mobile's clock according to the desktop's system time.

+ The maximum number of entries for the mobile phone book which was hard-coded
  before (150) now is extracted dynamically from the mobile phone.

+ The sync mechanism of Kandy is completely rewritten.

+ The current states of the KAB and mobile phonebooks (unchanged or modified)
  are properly reflected in the GUI.

+ Saving a modified phone book back to the mobile is done very efficiently by
  just writing back only modified entries and not the whole phone book as was
  the case before.

+ Deleting of mobile phone book items is supported now.

+ The GUI is heavily restructured and simplified.

+ All the improvements of Kandy 0.5 were tested with the following devices:
   + Phones:
      - Siemens ME45
      - Siemens C65
   + Host Machines:
      - Sun UltraSparc 10, Solaris 9
   + KDE versions:
      - 3.2.3 (built with Sun's Workshop compiler)
      - 3.3.1 (built with gcc 3.3.3)
