OI !

Currently working on: Making Maildir work properly, using a single dir as the base,
i.e. ~/Maildir, and using separate Maildir type dirs for folders. This is the
way it was meant to be. EmpathMailboxMaildir will now contain many EmpathMaildir,
which will all have their own indices.

QCString stuff seems to be going ok now.

Also started using QValueLists where appropriate, including QStringList.

Potential developers:

Please mail me to let me know what you're interested in helping with.
This doesn't have to be coding, it can be providing input for the design of
the system, drawing icons, writing docs, translating, testing, etc. The more the
merrier.

Obviously the more coders the faster this will stabilise, but I consider the
system as a whole to be important - users will need docs to read, and to be
able to use Empath in their native language.

* COMPILING WITH DIFFERENT QT VERSIONS *

You can't now. Qt 2 has almost stabilised enough to be blameless when Empath dies.
Also, there's extra stuff like QValueList, which is damn useful.
Please use Qt 2pre !

* GETTING STARTED *

You need:
a) A Maildir, with some mail in it.
b) (optional) A POP host to receive from.

Since I started porting to KDE/Qt 2, things have gone a little awry.

You will find that popping may have undesirable effects, and that YOU WON'T SEE
WHAT'S HAPPENING unless you watch stdout. I do empath &> log and read it later as
the speed crashes konsole.

You can just try whacking some mail into your Maildir. Empath might create your
Maildir for you when you first run it. You need to put new mail into ~/Maildir/cur.

Now, the filenames have to be in the canonical format (though Empath should handle
non-canonical names properly). I suggest this:

Get mutt, send mail to some test user, send some replies to that. Pop the mail for that user. Not forgetting to tell mutt your local mailbox is ~/Maildir.

This way you avoid killing your own mail, as you just pop from a test box and write
to a different box.

Of course, Empath might pop your mail and write it to your Maildir, but I doubt it.
It did before the big port started.

Oh, the BeOS style is just there because I started pissing about with Qt2's styles
and wanted to see if it worked. It does.

FOR INFORMATION ON THE DESIGN:

Read Changelog and design_docs/*

Note that the ChangeLog is now a little out of date, and the design_docs are too.
The design_docs stuff is basically me just writing stuff down so that I understand
what I'm doing.

Rik Hemsley <rik@kde.org>

