* Publish the final version of this document at
  developer.kde.org/documentation/standards/index.html  -- Mark Buccarielli

* I'd go so far as to suggest taking it to freedesktop.org once the file format 
  and a working implementation is available (so one can point to the 
  implementation as proof of concept) -- Aaron Seigo.

* This is, where I think calendar systems (KCalendarSystem-derived classes,
  like for the hijri, hebrew, and jalali calendar systems) need to come in.
  (you will find the KCalendarSystem-derived classes in kdelibs/kdecore)
  In particular, the islamic calendar uses a moon year, which is 12 days or so 
  shorter than the gregorian year. This means that the islamic holidays cycle 
  through the gregorian year with a 35 year frequency, and that the same 
  holiday might even appear twice in a gregorian year...
  You can't specify this in the current holiday file spec. This is also the 
  reason why we currently have the jewish calendar plugin, and the holiday_il 
  needs to specify the exact date for each year for each of the jewish 
  holidays, instead of giving a simple rule.

  We have the very generic KCalendarSystem class in kdelibs, and the holidays 
  are the perfect place to use it, so let's do it. -- Reinhold


Test Cases:
----------
* To make it even more fun: Victoria Day in Canada is defined as "the first 
  Monday preceding May 25th". -- Jan de Visser <jdevisser@digitalfairway.com>

  > Can it be on May 25? Or must it precede May 25?

  Well, Vicky's birthday was May 24th, so I guess it has precede May 25th.
  Let's think for a minute if we can rewrite that to 'The last Monday before
  or on May 24th'. The cornercase would be if May 25th is a Monday. In that
  case, Victoria day would be 25-7 = May 18th. Works. The other corner case
  is 24th on Tuesday. Victoria day = May 23th. Works as well.

* Boxing Day = Christmas + 1, or the next working day if that's a weekend day.
  (if Chrismas falls on Saturday, the day-off for it is Monday -- making
  the day off for Boxing day on Tuesday)

* We also need to be able to specify that a holiday occurs on the next work day 
  if the holiday falls on a Saturday. This is normal in the UK. -- David Jarvie


